what if
I'll explain how we get the
basil seed
we have it from these twigs
these branches are from the flowers that come out
when the basil is already done
old lady
your short is the twig when
practically all the flowers are
dried up and maybe only has the
of the tips in purple and good
I cut them and let them dry
The extraction mode of the seed is
The next
Each of these things is a flower
each of these is a flower every
little flower brings about three or
four seeds then what we do
is
to pluck the little flower we open it like
if it were a banana
in fact there you can already see
inside you see this black is the seed
there is the seed
the basil is a very important plant
in an organic garden
because because it is a plant
aromatic and in fact quite aromatic
it helps us to create what is called a
fence I live around our
vegetable
and in this way it works for us as a
biological control of pests
When you do not dry the flower or the
you remove before you have finished your
cycle are not hard like the others that
they are black and they do not germinate
these do not serve us then here it's not going
to have usable seed but in the
part of below
the seed is an embryo
is life in power
so collection is important
and the storage of the seeds
I like to leave them like that
outdoors here in a little glass
We label the date because
obviously we can not be
saving
long the seeds but
practically the seeds that we get
It is used immediately
I hope you liked this
demonstration
and that is useful for you
Thank you
Hello
do not